let's make a commitment let's not be
like every other couple on the IRT were
you robbed a bank with me I will cream I
will wear clothes bozo let's not mess
with me today the hell kind of clown are
you - crying on the inside kind of gas
fill this up with regular please
is our perpetrator every kind ever no
red nose blue hair it was the perfect
crime now all they need to do is get to
the airport
did we miss the expressway getting
farther away every second by car oh
we're really making progress now I saw a
sign Phyllis
three of them out there shouting with
glee my cam the airport
look boy that hot dog huh great and what
did you think I strike this sing sing
there's a wrinkle Kevin by foot
by bus you go to the airport near the
airport that is an exact change
you better get some help beaver coming
Ralph Kramden evil twin by midnight
Bill Murray we just calm down a little
please Geena Davis well we'll never make
the flight I'll have to sell a raft to
Fiji like Thor Heyerdahl he's hot Randy
quick we need a cab freakin cab Jason
Robards so easy getting in no way out
in a major metropolitan comedy quick
change was that our plane
no no so our claim to be crash
I hate this town